hello welcome to la style today
I want to show you how to get one
Do something pleasant in the summer
hairstyle is when it is just very hot
and if I help then to a yes
There you almost need one more
you still need such hair brush
bobby pins and celebrities but best
again those who do not have a silver edge
thanks to you the herrligkoffer
made and I would say ask
Just as we know each other
hair into a braid and in it are braid
bind david be different you can do it
down here for example
or hereby or here above and me
Now make mine for up here on the
Upper head
so now have us the head made
Now we just take this donath
and do it once in both
hair tie so to speak that is so and
then we'll keep the new one
have wide he should be a bit
so smaller are not so run out
and now we just go forward
and spread the hair over this
donath that when we're so dull
no longer grasp and feel this
material from these days play
but that hair everywhere over it
are
and then I just agree
hair gum still over it
pretty much now and almost done now
I just look that out you are
just our link and the participants
So diligent in two such rehearsals are here
made two strands and now I would come
me again through the harvey above
firmly and now I want this strand
Already we take the braided
strands develop both the and
the end was definitely bobby cars
We now have the first strand so around
wrapped around my head and now I want
the second in exactly the same
direction
Of course you can still do some provincial
make a majority if you want that
In any case , one certainly holds
just here to one purely other
side always
that way and then it definitely holds up a lot
well marked cards as it looks
i like it to such a high and
hairstyle big ears to pull on that
I have now put on my kreolen
that was it already went very well
fast very easy and I think so
is not that boring
little nice vision stinknormale
Dutt and yes, I hope you have that
video liked
if so give me a thumb
you still have some upstairs
ask or any suggestions or
Do you want to tell me anything else then
I like to write in the comments
and I wish you a nice
august a nice august place and
we'll see you next